user Endpoints
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/user/login/ -- POST 
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/user/register/ -- POST 
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/user/profile/ -- Get

booking
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/booking/api/allbooking/ -- GET - all booking list
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/booking/api/createbooking/ -- POST - create booking
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/booking/api/_id/getbooking/ -- GET - get booking by id
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/booking/api/_id/updatebooking/   -- PUT  - update booking
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/booking/api/_id/deletebooking/ -- DELETE - delete booking

blog
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/blog/getallblogs/  -- GET - all blog list
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/blog/_id/getblogdetails/  -- GET - blog by id
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/blog/_id/updateBlog/  -- PUT - update blog 
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/blog/_id/deleteblog/  -- DELETE - delete blog
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/blog/createblog/  -- POST - create blog
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/blog/_id/rewiews/  -- POST - reviewblog

https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/blog/uploadthumbnail/ -- POST - uploadBlogThumbnail

agricProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/agricProducts/  -- GET - all agricProduct list
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/_id/agricproduct/  -- GET - agricProduct by id
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/_id/update/  -- PUT - update agricProduct 
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/_id/delete/  -- DELETE - delete agricProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/createagric/  -- POST - create agricProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/_id/createrewiew/  -- POST - reviewagric

https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/uploadthumbnail/ -- POST - uploadThumbnali
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/uploadimage1/ -- POST - uplaodeimage1
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/uploadimage2/ -- POST - uplaodeimage2
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/agric/uploadimage3/ -- POST - uplaodeimage3

naturalProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/naturalProducts/  -- GET - all naturalProduct list
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/_id/naturalproduct/  -- GET - naturalProduct by id
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/_id/update/  -- PUT - update naturalProduct 
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/_id/delete/  -- DELETE - delete naturalProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/create/  -- POST - create naturalProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/_id/createrewiew/  -- POST - reviewnatural

https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/uploadthumbnail/ -- POST - uploadNaturalThumbnali
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/uploadimage1/ -- POST - uplaodeimage1
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/uploadimage2/ -- POST - uplaodeimage2
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/natural/uploadimage3/ -- POST - uplaodeimage3

informationProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/informationTech/informationProducts/  -- GET - all informationTechProduct list
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/informationTech/_id/informationproduct/  -- GET - informationTechProduct by id
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/informationTech/_id/update/  -- PUT - update informationTechProduct 
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/informationTech/_id/delete/  -- DELETE - delete informationTechProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/informationTech/create/  -- POST - create informationTechProduct
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/informationTech/_id/createrewiew/  -- POST - reviewinformationTech

https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/information/uploadthumbnail/ -- POST - uploadinformationThumbnali
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/information/uploadimage1/ -- POST - uplaodeimage1
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/information/uploadimage2/ -- POST - uplaodeimage2
https://teamattech.herokuapp.com/api/information/uploadimage3/ -- POST - uplaodeimage3



